This is our functional design meeting. our agenda today. I'm gonna do an opening,. did you all get the minutes? I e-mailed them to you. I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder. So then I we'll talk about our general objectives. and have your three presentations. I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received,. and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions. we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification, what needs and desires are to be fulfilled, the functions design, what effects the apparatus should have, and the working design, how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function.
How do I hook my screen up?
There's a wee a wee plug just just that one there. And then you have to press function eight
I I think you just have to push it in really hard.
I don't know if you guys are able to get access to the report that was online. or if I'm the only one who is. we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked. They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab. and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had. Focusing on their desires, people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly,. seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that. more importantly though, eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote. and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age,. so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition,. That being people frustrated with losing their remotes. I think, over fifty percent of the people mentioned that that was their biggest frustration. People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote. and I think that ties back to what you were saying before. just that there's too many buttons,. It also mentioned something called RSI. and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what RSI is,
Repetitive strain injury.
So I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing, people do not like that,. looking at the needs people specified, the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour. People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote. People also zap like to change the channel, about sixty five per cent during an hour of use. So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings, the screen settings and the channel settings,. the idea of an LCD screen was brought up. although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were,. also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote. make sure that, you know, something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often. And basically in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like,
I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control. We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is. It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television,. it sends a message to the television. First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications. so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does,. and what the end-user is gonna want from this product. a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product,. and then trying to get some feedback about. h how well these particular prototypes work,. When a users using a remote control, he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places. So in some sense we're gonna we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design. But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas. also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities. the first of these is is technological. we need to find a balance between features and price. things like voice recognition would would add to the price. but it would also im improve the design of the product. I had a look on the on the web to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls. In analysing these we can consider what what things what's good about them,. how we can improve on the designs that that that I found. Here's two examples probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum. on the left here we've got an engineering-based design for a remote control,. so it's one that's got lots of buttons,. everything you might possibly want to do is there,. The one on the right is a lot more basic. It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it,. there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control. personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple,. it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often, changing the volume, changing the channel. that's ergonomically designed. I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool.
Did it let you go on the Internet
That was just on the on the company web site, yeah.
And then I'm like wait it won't let me google.
This is our working design presentation. I had a bit of some issues with this,. because I wasn't able to find everything I needed,. what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function. one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder. because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans. because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work. So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function. the findings that I got very just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver. and in my opinion infra-red is the best way to do that. the user interface is critical here,. because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls that converts the electrical energy into data,. the components that we find here are the energy source, you know the battery or whatever that's gonna make it work, then the chip, which converts the data, the user that's controlling the chip, and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver. And personal preferences, besides the fact that I can't spell, we need a long-lasting energy source,. We need a chip that works well with the user interface,. and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal,
Requirements. We have a couple new requirements. We didn't bring it up yet, or at all in the meetings so far,. but we're not gonna work with teletext
It's a British thing.
I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser. this this kind of index appears on the television screen with just some some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it. and it gives you information, mostly rather boring stuff like what's on TV next and share prices and that kind of thing. It's earl it's pretty old technology.
Like your question earlier whether this is going to be for television, video, or etcetera. Just for television. That's what we're focused on. otherwise becomes to complex,. and finally there's more marketing, I think,, our corporate image has to be recognisable. while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design.
It's It's kind of yellow colour with we put fashion in electronics.
Looks like, yeah, kind of a yellow and black. and we have that the emphasis on the R_s in
It's like double.
We need to talk about our functions and our target group. You in your analysis of different market of the marketing, you identified that different groups wanted different things
If we're gonna say that function fashion we put the fashion in in electronics then you automatically, I think, a sort of younger group that that's who's gonna be attracted to this.
I do think, who's gonna have the money to buy that also, that one?
At least right now what we're doing is deciding on just the remote itself,
The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation. so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea.
That's probably a population quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway,
That's all specific for speech recognition. Are we gonna use that as one of our functions?
I I would say no,. because it's gonna add too much to the price. And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises.
But why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement? Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple
If someone's looking to buy a new remote, don't they want like an upgrade?
Or we can look at user-friendly. And we also need to talk about if we're only gonna have the very simple ones. or also have the other ones just separate somehow
Like if it was just a simple, either this way or this way,. that had like the main buttons. and then you could like pull something out,. 'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them, never even have to see them
What are we emphasising? I what in this project?
Si simplicity and fashion.
Which includes an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional,
What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional,
I think it's a lot to do with battery,
So 's just the quality of the chip.
So our target group, we're saying, fifteen to thirty five?
I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing
S voice recognition,
And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice,. like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote
It's for, like, the ultimately lazy people,
I mean if I get more numbers, I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages.
But I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something.
Can we narrow it down to maybe teenagers and families? It's it's hard to narrow it down.
I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages. so it's going to appeal to people, maybe people who have problems with technology, you know, people who get scared by having lots of buttons,
Maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age,
So maybe it's more useful to d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is. do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost? Like a button on a TV you can press
It would be relevant to like the overall goal I think,
So we want something to keep it from getting lost. And we want we want large buttons for the essential things. We want a possibility to to get a possibility to get the extra functions.
Which are kind of hidden away in some way
Battery? Do we need a long-life battery?
We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all.
But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone, or like a little cradle for your iPod.
Yeah, that's that's possible. Yeah.
That might contribute to less people losing it too if it it stays in one place.
That's that's a good idea,. after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks a questionnaire and a summaries summary. After that we have thirty minutes of individual work. I'll make sure to put up the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides. If everyone could do that as well, that'd be great. I ID Industrial Design you've your components concept,. User Interface, the user interface concept,. market trend wa watching. And as as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you. And hopefully, I hope, next time you'll be able to access more of the web site. Be sure to note any frustrations or any issues that come up in your in your summary.
Were you able to like put yours in the group folder?
Hopefully it is there for people. in there we have technical functions presentation, working design presentation and the functional requirements.